Week 2
Group formed. I wrote 3 epic components of the proposal as well as part of the background. I invited Stanley to the bitbucket and trello group. I uploaded one simple flask app to the bitbucket to help others start development. 

Week 3
We discussed the tasks about finalising the proposal and I wrote an brief comparison about different algorithms on document vectorisation and matching. 

Week 4
I implemented some test function for similarity matching and calculation.Currently it will only compare the different vectors. But later need to do more to take the inputs and then give proper outputs.

Week 5
Implemented some test functions including text extraction, vectoring, similarity matching and computation to test whole case matching as the back end and the result is satisfiable. 

Integrated the front end and back end functions so that the app now can be directly used.

Some changes include:
Interface:
1. Changed the paging button link to <a> with bootstrap button class.
2. Changed the return of the upload route to be redirected to search results.
3. moved the previous extracting title code to a seperate function to be reused conveniently.
4. Created a new html page for displaying search results. The framework reused the html page for displaying all documents.
5. Integrated the search ability for uploaded document and directly inputed text.

Text vectorising:
1. For vectorising part, partly referred to Hoessein’s work to add the ngram_range.

Utility:
1. Referred to Hendri’s work about using utilities object to contain load and write files functions. 

Week 6:
Implemented functions for extracting important words for 1-gram and 2-gram features.

Week 7:
Added function of displaying important words produced by tfidf algorithm. and enabled the function of search bar

Week 8: helped fix a bug when extracting case titles (some are None).

Week 9:
Helped with some UI modification to add the whole case search function onto the home page, and developed one candidate version for displaying searching results. 
Cooperated with other members to integrate different part of work from each member.
Wrote a rough version of  ‘overview’ and ‘Implementation challenges’ parts of the project report.

Week10: helped with integration and fixing bugs.

Week11: Tested the performance of using PCA to do dimensionality reduction, and shifted from using SVD to PCA for reducing dimensionality. 
Also revised the code to clean unnecessary code and comments. 
Fixed a bug to remove the files that cannot be extracted titles.

Fixed a bug when displaying whole case search by input page, which is:”templates/upload_plain.html”, when used in safari, the “upload” button cannot displayed when the browser window is large. 
It is related to the style of the div element wrapping the button.

Gave most of the functions in the program descriptions as comments on top of each function.

Week12:
Cooperated with team member Hendri and Stanley to explore bugs and fixed them.
Wrote parts of the report(mainly ‘Descriptions of the functionalities’ part) and worked with Hendri to correct typos and formats of some other parts (overview and Implementation challenges).
 
